fix(cli): support verifying systems with linked libraries (#3514)
latticexyz/mud: .changeset/famous-doors-listen.md

---
"@latticexyz/cli": patch
---

> The `verify` cli command will be able to verify systems with library link references

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `verify` command should now be able to correctly verify systems using public libraries.
```
